0-raw gan na na
audioflow(v) rec vct pha
beatlooper(v) rec pau pla
chorus(s) frq del dpt
delay(3tap)(d) 1st 2nd 3rd
delay(fb)(d) del fdb gan
delay(pitch)(v) del fdb pit
delay(push)(v) cur iOc fdb
delay(revtape) sns att gan
delay(spect)(g) dsp fsp gsp
delay(tbr)(v) sz1 sz2 sz3
delay(wavey)(v) osc phs met
detuning(g) fdb spd dpt
distortion(d) am dpt lim
flanger(s) frq del dpt
hexxciter(g) thr spd a&d
looper(fw-bw)(v) rec fwd bwd
octave_harmonizer(p) low raw hig
phaser(s) frq ton dpt
pitchshifter(d) trs win del
reverb(pure)(d) brg rsz mix
ringmod(g) upp low lfo
shaper(d) amt dpt lim
filter(s) hip lop gan
tremolo(d) frq dpt gan
vcf(d) cut res gan
vibrato(d) spd dpt fdb
vibrato(step)(g) dpt spd gan
wah-wah(g) max min Q
wavedistort(d) str gan na
