# fx3000~

fx3000~ is a 30-effect abstraction (see effects list below) designed to expedite the creation, spec. of guitar, effect "racks".

It takes one creation argument, an identifying float, ex. 0, 1, etc.

Has 

* two inlets
	* left:~: the audio signal 
	* right: a list of the parameter values: [0-1] for the first 4, [0..29] for the 5th, and [0|1] for the 6th.
		* 1-4: depth and parameters' 1-3 values
		* 5: the index of the effect
		* 6: the bypass for the effect
* a [r~ fx3000-in-$1] and [s~ fx3000-$1-OUT] to better expedite routing multiple instances
* a [r fx3000-rndsetter-$1] to set random values via a send
* 20 preset slots per abstraction creation argument, i.e. index, via "O" and "S" bangs, so abs #0 writes to preset file=pres-0.txt (NOTE: if you have yet to save a preset to a slot nothing will happen, i.e. you must add additional presets sequentially: 0 then 1, then 2, etc.)
* a [r PREIN-$1] to send values in from a global preset-ter
* the names of the parameters/effect are written to labels upon selecting (so I will not list them here)
* and a zexy~ booster-limiter to prevent runaway output~

The help file includes three such abstractions, a sample player, and example s~/r~'s to experiment with configurations.

Note: the origin of each effect is denoted by a suffix to the name according to the following, ex. ""chorus(s)"

* s:Stamp Album
* d:DIY2
* g:Guitar Extended
* v:scott vanya

The available effects are:

* 0   0-raw
* 1   audioflow(v)
* 2   beatlooper(v)
* 3   chorus(s)
* 4   delay(3tap)(d)
* 5   delay(fb)(d)
* 6   delay(pitch)(v)
* 7   delay(push)(v)
* 8   delay(revtape)(g)
* 9   delay(spect)(g)
* 10  delay(tbr)(v)
* 11  delay(wavey)(v)
* 12  detuning(g)
* 13  distortion(d)
* 14  flanger(s)
* 15  hexxciter(g)
* 16  looper(fw-bw)(v)
* 17  octave_harmonizer(p)
* 18  phaser(s)
* 19  pitchshifter(d)
* 20  reverb(pure)(d)
* 21  ringmod(g)
* 22  shaper(d)
* 23  filter(s)
* 24  tremolo(d)
* 25  vcf(d)
* 26  vibrato(d)
* 27  vibrato(step)(g)
* 28  wah-wah(g)
* 29  wavedistort(d)

I sincerely believe this will make it easier for the user,...:-) you, to make stompboxes, effects racks, etc.

I hope I am correct.

Peace. Love through Music.

-S

p.s. 